Docs: Updating tags filter description (#94)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cli/orchestration/tag-filter.md

- [stack.before](../stacks/configuration.md#stackbefore-setstringoptional)
- `terramate <cmd> --tags <filter>`

> Using the `tags` filter, you can list or run commands on stacks based on tag conditions. Use `--tags` to filter stacks having specific tags and `--no-tags` to filter those without the specified tags. Both options support combining tag filters using AND (`:`) and OR (`,`) for more complex queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `tags` filter, you can list or run commands on stacks based on tag conditions. Use `--tags` to filter stacks having specific tags and `--no-tags` to filter those without the specified tags. The `--tags` option support combining filters using AND (`:`) and OR (`,`) for more complex queries, whereas `--no-tags` should be used to specify the list of tags that must not be present in the stacks list and then only `,` is supported.
```

Author: @i4ki Thanks for the correction! 😄  I'm closing this PR as the other PR (#93) makes the necessary changes.
